welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're gonna go on a
pleasing greek holiday and hope we don't
end up with our guts
in our mouths as detailed in 1980 film
anthropophages
for more cautionary tales about the
downfalls of feasting on human flesh
please subscribe to the channel let's
get to it
we open on a cactus patch and break our
damn necks zooming out to a beautiful
building
as the credits roll we watch a young
couple wander about a picturesque ocean
village of white marble
this fine german couple trawls the beach
in their genuine wrangler blue jeans
until they find a rock and begin
stripping down before venturing into the
ice cold waters
bruno rocks the [ __ ] out in a classic
beach look cowboy boots
dungarees huge cans while ilsa floats
out to an abandoned boat
slapping against the rocks she reaches
the vessel but is intercepted before
getting a chance to inspect it and is
dragged under the water where she's
turned into a cloudy plume of blood
but this is no shy beast it comes to the
shoreline staining the brown sand red
and then depositing its cleaver straight
into fear bruno's brain matter
we then cut to a sky trolley where we
learn maggie is not feeling well due to
her pregnancy this group of friends is
traveling to the first stop in their
island hopping vacation adventure hoping
to hit all the spots along the
archipelago but then the outsider julie
pulls a simple grift getting danny the
ding dong to break her camera so she can
ask for a ride in their boat as
repayments when they arrive at the stop
they all file off and flag down their
trip planer allen so happy to be
reunited with old friends everyone gets
a gentle neck wrap and ladies get an
extra little kiss
they all pile in and drive off to the
command center for orientation
here julie shows them the island she's
going to it's 100 miles offshore with a
small
self-sufficient population so it's
rarely traveled and there are no
commercial boats that bring people to
the island
enthusiastic about the possibility of
having a fun adventure in paradise they
all agree that there will be nothing
better in this life
or the next than to go to this island
with julie and meena's inhabitants
her friends included among their number
so with the theme of travel stuck hard
in our brains they go from this location
to another location
again the harbor and with barely any
intervening shots we find ourselves on
the open scene
maggie puking her guts out the whole way
while the rest of them relax
danny turns this into a party cruise
much to carol's chagrin
julie is flattered by this attention but
knows carol is crazy about danny and she
declines to stand in her way
the detailed interpersonal relationships
among the group of new friends is
explained by julie to allen
another total stranger to her bored with
this nonsense he decides to show julie
how easy it is to navigate a ship and
totally gives up on it
now in full-on party mode carol keeps
the good times rolling with some card
reading
a distinctly feminine activity
apparently maggie turns over her cards
but bad news
you're a [ __ ] and your baby's gonna be
ugly julie actually steps in here and
does her own positive interpretation of
the cards sending maggie off with the
warm
fuzzies and then carol confides that she
froze up because the cards didn't tell
her anything
and the cards showing no future usually
means something bad is gonna happen
very soon as julie and allen continue to
warm up to each other he confines that
carol's been acting a little odd due to
julie's presence she feels that
something is off about the group dynamic
and has a general malaise about the
thought of traveling to this forsaken
island
but no worries carol's a genuine lunatic
has been since she was a kid
and he's in medical school so he knows
but also her behavior is not helping the
matter and this guy who we've never seen
before spots land i guess it's a good
thing he apparated onto the boat they
docked down and come ashore resulting in
maggie immediately spraining her ankle
on flat ground
the cards were right allen the med
student wishes her well and immediately
leaves the
area as they walk inland we hear heavy
breathing coming from somewhere
we then get an identical shot to confirm
that this is the cursed island we
visited briefly in the opening shots of
the film the whole area appears to be
abandoned now so they split up to go
exploring
in the general store they find the
telegraph machine has been vandalized
and the last telegram out was from more
than a month ago which is spooky
elsewhere danny and carol spy a woman in
a window and go to investigate but she's
fairly shy and it looks like she went
out to meet them via a different path
but they're prevented from meeting her
when obstructed by the mummified remains
of a resident
back at the boat the skipper goes to
change maggie's ankle water and gets
pulled in
somehow maggie thinks she hears
something so she goes to look for him
but only finds the bucket determined to
continue her therapy as she abandons her
search
to get herself fresh water and she
manages to retrieve the bucket and dip
her foot in without saying the bucket
now contains a head
back at the apartment they realize now
that they're in a demon city and arnie
is instantly concerned about maggie
being alone on the boat
except for the skipper though right they
don't know that he's gone yet when they
get back to the dock the boat is out in
the bay
allen is quick to write off everything
and he insists that the skipper must
have taken it out to deeper waters for
protection from the incoming weather
tomorrow morning the boat will be back
at the dock for sure they decide
here it's time to go search out julie's
friends at their home surely with the
rest of the island abandoned they'll be
able to answer some of their burning
questions
as they walk off they completely miss
that a guy is dragging maggie away
huh when they get to the house julia's
friends are gone that is so
odd but all their stuff is still there
so if they went on a trip it must have
been naked and without their wallets
as they work to figure this out allen
continues to contribute as though he
knows the answer
to everything they could have been
frightened by something run away
no i've never heard of a virus like that
i think she would have done it already
if she'd intended to
no i don't think we'll be seeing her
again well
actually after a bit they all settle up
to have their dinner
and with it looking like carol's
negative premonitions were confirmed she
feels emboldened to share more about the
bad vibrations and evil powers of the
island
great now we'll never hear the end of it
that night they all sleep in the living
room as the storm pounds the house
outside
julie is restless so she lights a candle
and heads off after hearing a noise in
the house
dany sneaks up on her arm because he
also heard a strange noise and they go
off to explore together
downstairs they're confronted by a kitty
jiff and then a woman pops out of a
barrel
she plays a game where she just stabs in
front of her and if you get in the way
it's your own
fault that's why no one feels bad for
dany after she's disarmed we learn this
is the daughter of julie's friends
rita after settling everyone in allen
confirms he has to go for antibiotics
that evening or dany's jaw may seize up
they've all considered the options and
just barely decided that it's likely
best to try to prevent this
then rita gains a bit of coherence again
and explains that her parents had been
afraid and then were just gone
for how long she doesn't know since
she's blind she's not sure exactly what
happened
but can confirm that there's a man who
comes around and she always knows when
he's there
because he reeks of blood allen and
arnie run through the woods in search of
medicine with knives in hand
meanwhile carol helps dress danny's
wound and decides to
shoot her shot you'd better try to get
some sleep now
oh her heart and as the village boys
find their supplies danny fuels up on a
snack of oranges and cigarettes before
going to find julie to discuss his
feelings and go in for the big one
further turning carol against her so she
runs off into the woods like a brat
forcing them all into a dangerous
situation she even takes it one step
further by sneaking up on julie and
locking her in the cemetery
julie runs around eventually finding a
wall she can hop and does so right into
the arms of allen and arnie and they
escort her back to the house
dany is disturbed by a noise but rita
wakes up due to the old familiar smell
so dany arms himself with a cleaver and
goes exploring to keep rita from being
distressed he locks her door on the way
out
inadvertently locking her in with old
stink bomb so when she gets to screaming
he rushes back to save the day
but is easily disarmed and dispatched by
their giant assailants the next morning
we find them wandering the woods again
searching for carol
arnie is distraught at the now near
certainty that his wife is dead
hey what's the matter move alan come on
with the painting things in a positive
light bro he does acknowledge the
likelihood of a cycle on the loose but
presumes him to be a disheveled mess and
easily killed so he's not too worried
about stumbling across him
they eventually find the magnificent
villa of klaus wartman
a wealthy inhabitant of the island who
met a tragic fate when he was
shipwrecked
offshore the spectre haunting them
appears in his window and julie
identifies her as his sister
made crazy by the loss of her extended
family and she apparently spends her
days now sitting in windowsills and
tying knots with rope they entered
thinking this is just the kind of place
carol would go
and as they approach the stairs the
mistress gives them a startling hello
upstairs they do find carol and she
tells them about how ruth had treated
her well
barney chimes in to tell alan something
he already knows
the boat i knew it the boat is back and
they have to find a way to reach it
given what they've all been through
carol makes amends with julie and they
share a friendly back rub
then they read ruth's journal
discovering she had been protecting her
brother mr wartman by hiding the bodies
of his victims and the entrances to his
living space
so julie searches the house while the
men find some sweet ruins to explore
arnie lights up a torch and descends
into the catacombs where he finds rats
and bodies in various stages of
decomposition
he gets in deep nearly setting his hair
on fire and eventually finds a freshie
which turns out to be maggie conscious
but
barely alive back at the house julie
makes a lucky guess about a hidden
entryway and finds the door unlocked
because why lock a hidden door inside
the room is filled with some traditional
ass ghosts
being played for fun by the corpses
underneath as she explores wartman
returns to his underground stockpile
breathing steam
all over arnie tries to reason with them
but he is intoxicated by the taste of
human flesh
and once it gets in you that don't go
away here we get a brief flashback to
see the emergency raft
wartman and his family are baking in the
hot sun and he so compelled to live at
any cost
decides to feast on the flesh of his
dead son but against his wife's wishes
in the struggle he accidentally
identifies her as well he's an unfeeling
monster now letting nothing get between
him and his precious flesh
and then this corny movie goes in hard
as he reaches
deep inside of maggie and pulls out a
fresh juice box for consumption
back at the house carol meets up with
julie who's found another journal and
declares mr wartman to be a raving
maniac
she's then surprised to see carol
bleeding all over now another victim of
the madman
julie runs upstairs with rita as mr warp
and slowly pursues them lethargic from
his diet of pure meat
this gives julie enough time to get them
locked in the attic hoping he succumbs
to ketosis before managing
to break in he doesn't but he does walk
off leaving them to sit and wait
patiently so he can circle around to the
roof and grab at them
since rita can't see she is helpless to
avoid this and gets pulled through the
shingles scraping her face up pretty
good
and then her tender throat mate is
feasted upon julie tries her best and
does manage to ding his shin bone with a
pickaxe which
really smarts causing him to roll off
the roof julie then stumbles down and
looks for him but gets pulled into the
well and just barely avoids falling all
the way in
she's left in a fairly vulnerable
position but manages to reach the ladder
and climb out although wartman does have
a grasp on the other end of her rope and
he starts tugging on her string but then
allen shows up just in time to claim
credit and splits your boy
wide open then they all sit around and
watch while wartman since he doesn't
have
a fanny pack handy tries to put his guts
back in via the esophagus
but kills over in the process
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
i never know what to think about these
early 80s gore fests maybe i'm just
getting desensitized but i feel like my
anticipation is a non-stop onslaught of
shocking images
i do like a slow build up with a big
payoff like the brood and this movie was
similar to that in the sense that both
included a birth sack in the climax but
still i like having a little something
more to keep me going through the middle
of a movie so it doesn't drag
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching